## High Level Approach
We started with the provided sample code as the backbone for our project. We roughly followed the steps laid out in the project description. The first step was to route the incoming packets to the update, forward data, and dump functions accordingly.  When we receive a DATA FORWARD message, the routes table is scanned and all routes whose first n digits (where n is the number of consecutive 1's starting the netmask) match the destination are selected. If no route is found, we send a NO ROUTE message back to the sender. For the matching routes, we then implemented tie-breaking logic, filtering the routes by those with the highest preference, those that were self-originating, those with the shortest AS Path, prefering those with origin EGP > IGP > UNK, those with the lowest IP address, and finally enforcing peer relationships. We then handled DUMP messages. This was straightforward, simply sending a collection of objects containing the available routes back to the sender. For REVOKE messages, we cleared the existing routes table and used the list of past updates to repopulate the routes table. The REVOKE message was then forwarded to all customers in our relations table. The final challenge we conquered was route aggregation. We ranged over all possible CIDR values from 31 to 0, and coalesced any routes that were right next to each other.

## Challenges Faced
There were no significant challenges to the milestone portion of this project beyond a minor issue with the development environment and needing to use Vim. Past that point, we ran into only one noteable issue where we were were filtering out the correct route, but solved that by trying different logic combinations until our test passed. 

## Testing
Using print statements to test the correctness of our functions along the way, we make sure the routes table is updated correctly after each UPDATE message. The same was done for REVOKE messages. Focussing on individual functions and running the tests that related to those functions, we were able to debug each function relatively easily as we progressed through them.
